DOCSP-16785 the the typo (#3297)
mongodb/docs-realm: temp/dotnet/app-services/call-a-function.txt

Call a Function - .NET SDK
==========================

.. meta:: 

>   :description: Learn how to call a function from the .NET SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Learn how to call a function using the Atlas Device SDK for .NET.
```

.. note::

   The ``CallAsync()`` method returns a single ``BsonValue`` object, which you can 

>    deserialize after calling the function or by using the  generic 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   deserialize after calling the function or by using the generic 
```
